endorsements.md, before:

# Summary of progressive endorsements for San&nbsp;Francisco and the&nbsp;Mission

For full endorsements, see these links:

- Bay Guardian Clean Slate, <https://www.sfbg.com/2020/10/01/endorsements-fall-2020/>
- League of Pissed-Off Voters, <https://www.theleaguesf.org/voter_guides>
- SF Tenants Union, <https://sftu.org/endorsements/>
- SF Bike Coalition, <https://sfbike.org/news/our-endorsements-november-3-2020-elections/>
- Sierra Club, <https://www.sierraclub.org/san-francisco-bay/2020>
- SF Chronicle, <https://www.sfchronicle.com/projects/2020/voter-guide/endorsements/>

For a comparison of those endorsements, see below. 

- For example, Prop. A says "Yes" because all the groups listed said yes, even the moderate San Francisco Chronicle. 
- Prop. B says "Yes (The Chronicle says No.)" because the Bay Guardian and other progressive groups said yes, and only the Chronicle said no. 
- Prop. H is one to look at more closely, because other progressive groups said no but the SF Bike Coalition said yes. 

The descriptions of the propositions are by the Bay Guardian, such as "Prop. L, Business tax on CEO compensation."

## Candidates

Biden, Pelosi, Fielder, Chiu. Boggess, Alexander, Sanchez, Fisher. Wong, Williams, Temprano, Martinez. Dufty. Ronen.

- President and Vice President: Joe Biden and Kamala Harris
- Congress, District 12: No endorsement (The Chronicle says Nancy Pelosi.)
- State Senate, District 11: Jackie Fielder (The Chronicle says Scott Wiener.)
- State Assembly, District 17: David Chiu (The Bay Guardian made no endorsement.)
- BART Board District 9: Bevan Dufty (The SF Bike Coalition likes two candidates, Bevan Dufty and Patrick Montiere, so they didn't endorse one or the other. 
The Chronicle didn't endorse anyone, it seems.)
- San Francisco Supervisor, District Nine: Hillary Ronen \
For candidates in other districts, see the links to the full endorsements.

### Board of Education
- Kevine Boggess
- Matt Alexander (The Chronicle says Jenny Lam instead.)
- Mark Sanchez (The Chronicle says Michelle Parker instead.)
- Alida Fisher

### City College Board
- Alan Wong (The League of Pissed-Off Voters says Aliya Chisti instead. The Chronicle says Marie Hurabiell instead.)
- Shanell Williams
- Tom Temprano
- Anita Martinez (The SF Tenants Union says Han Zou instead. The Chronicle says Jeanette Quick instead.)

## State propositions

14-No.* 15-Yes. 16-Yes. 17-Yes. 18-Yes. 19-No.* 20-No. 21-Yes. 22-No. 23-No.* 24-No. 25-Yes.* \
\* Some progressives differ on 14, 19, 23, and 25. Moderates agree with progressives on all but 21 and 22.

- Prop. 14, Stem Cell bonds: No (The SF Tenants Union says Yes.)
- Prop. 15, Commercial real estate taxes: Yes
- Prop. 16, Affirmative Action: Yes
- Prop. 17, Right to vote: Yes
- Prop. 18, 17-year-old voting: Yes
- Prop. 19, Property taxes: No (The League of Pissed-Off Voters says Yes.)
- Prop. 20, Restrictions on parole: No
- Prop. 21, Rent control: Yes (The Chronicle says No.)
- Prop. 22, Uber and Lyft bailout: No (The Chronicle says Yes.)
- Prop. 23, Dialysis clinics: No (The League of Pissed-Off Voters says Yes.)
- Prop. 24, Consumer Privacy Laws: No
- Prop. 25, Bail: Yes (The League of Pissed-Off Voters says No.)

## City propositions

A to L and RR&mdash;no on H and yes on others. Some progressives differ on H and RR.

- Prop. A, Homeless and Parks Bond: Yes
- Prop. B, Sanitation and Streets Commission: Yes (The Chronicle says No.)
- Prop. C, Removing citizenship requirement for local commissions: Yes (The Chronicle says No.)
- Prop. D, Sheriff Oversight: Yes
- Prop. E, Police Staffing: Yes
- Prop. F, Business tax overhaul: Yes
- Prop. G, Youth voting in local elections: Yes (The Chronicle says No.)
- Prop. H, Neighborhood Commercial Districts: No (The SF Bike Coalition and Chronicle say Yes.)
- Prop. I, Real-estate transfer tax: Yes (The Chronicle says No.)
- Prop. J, Parcel Tax for SF Schools: Yes
- Prop. K, Affordable Housing: Yes
- Prop. L, Business tax on CEO compensation: Yes (The Chronicle says No.)
- Prop. RR, Caltrain sales tax: Yes (The Bay Guardian took no position.)

Commit message:

Added the Bay Area Reporter.

endorsements.md, after:

# Summary of progressive endorsements for San&nbsp;Francisco and the&nbsp;Mission

For full endorsements, see these links:

- Bay Guardian Clean Slate, <https://www.sfbg.com/2020/10/01/endorsements-fall-2020/>
- League of Pissed-Off Voters, <https://www.theleaguesf.org/voter_guides>
- SF Tenants Union, <https://sftu.org/endorsements/>
- SF Bike Coalition, <https://sfbike.org/news/our-endorsements-november-3-2020-elections/>
- Sierra Club, <https://www.sierraclub.org/san-francisco-bay/2020>
- Bay Area Reporter, <https://www.ebar.com/news/news///297715/bar_election_endorsements>
- SF Chronicle, <https://www.sfchronicle.com/projects/2020/voter-guide/endorsements/>

For a comparison of those endorsements, see below. 

- For example, Prop. A says "Yes" because all the groups listed said yes, even the moderate San Francisco Chronicle. 
- Prop. B says "Yes (The Chronicle says No.)" because the Bay Guardian and other progressive groups said yes, and only the Chronicle said no. 
- Prop. H is one to look at more closely, because other progressive groups said no but the SF Bike Coalition said yes. 

The descriptions of the propositions are by the Bay Guardian, such as "Prop. L, Business tax on CEO compensation."

## Candidates

Biden, Pelosi, Fielder, Chiu. Boggess, Alexander, Sanchez, Fisher. Wong, Williams, Temprano, Martinez. Dufty. Ronen.

- President and Vice President: Joe Biden and Kamala Harris
- Congress, District 12: No endorsement (The Chronicle says Nancy Pelosi.)
- State Senate, District 11: Jackie Fielder (The Bay Area Reporter and Chronicle say Scott Wiener.)
- State Assembly, District 17: David Chiu (The Bay Guardian made no endorsement.)
- BART Board District 9: Bevan Dufty (The SF Bike Coalition likes two candidates, Bevan Dufty and Patrick Montiere, so they didn't endorse one or the other. 
The Chronicle didn't endorse anyone, it seems.)
- San Francisco Supervisor, District Nine: Hillary Ronen \
For candidates in other districts, see the links to the full endorsements.

### Board of Education
- Kevine Boggess
- Matt Alexander (The Bay Area Reporter and Chronicle say Michelle Parker instead.)
- Mark Sanchez (The Chronicle says Jenny Lam instead.)
- Alida Fisher (The Bay Area Reporter says Jenny Lam instead.)

### City College Board
- Alan Wong (The League of Pissed-Off Voters says Aliya Chisti instead. The Chronicle says Marie Hurabiell instead.)
- Shanell Williams
- Tom Temprano
- Anita Martinez (The SF Tenants Union says Han Zou instead. The Bay Area Reporter says Aliya Chisti instead. The Chronicle says Jeanette Quick instead.)

## State propositions

14-No.* 15-Yes. 16-Yes. 17-Yes. 18-Yes. 19-No.* 20-No. 21-Yes. 22-No. 23-No.* 24-No. 25-Yes.* \
\* Some progressives differ on 14, 19, 23, and 25. Moderates agree with progressives on all but 21 and 22.

- Prop. 14, Stem Cell bonds: No (The SF Tenants Union and Bay Area Reporter say Yes.)
- Prop. 15, Commercial real estate taxes: Yes
- Prop. 16, Affirmative Action: Yes
- Prop. 17, Right to vote: Yes
- Prop. 18, 17-year-old voting: Yes
- Prop. 19, Property taxes: No (The League of Pissed-Off Voters and Bay Area Reporter say Yes.)
- Prop. 20, Restrictions on parole: No
- Prop. 21, Rent control: Yes (The Chronicle says No.)
- Prop. 22, Uber and Lyft bailout: No (The Chronicle says Yes.)
- Prop. 23, Dialysis clinics: No (The League of Pissed-Off Voters says Yes.)
- Prop. 24, Consumer Privacy Laws: No
- Prop. 25, Bail: Yes (The League of Pissed-Off Voters says No.)

## City propositions

A to L and RR&mdash;no on H and yes on others. Some progressives differ on H and RR. 
Moderates agree with progressives on A, D, E, F, J, K and RR.

- Prop. A, Homeless and Parks Bond: Yes
- Prop. B, Sanitation and Streets Commission: Yes (The Chronicle says No.)
- Prop. C, Removing citizenship requirement for local commissions: Yes (The Chronicle says No.)
- Prop. D, Sheriff Oversight: Yes
- Prop. E, Police Staffing: Yes
- Prop. F, Business tax overhaul: Yes
- Prop. G, Youth voting in local elections: Yes (The Chronicle says No.)
- Prop. H, Neighborhood Commercial Districts: No (The SF Bike Coalition, Bay Area Reporter, and Chronicle say Yes.)
- Prop. I, Real-estate transfer tax: Yes (The Chronicle says No.)
- Prop. J, Parcel Tax for SF Schools: Yes
- Prop. K, Affordable Housing: Yes
- Prop. L, Business tax on CEO compensation: Yes (The Chronicle says No.)
- Prop. RR, Caltrain sales tax: Yes (The Bay Guardian took no position.)
