index.md, before:

# Help for technical writers and editors

Information to help technical writers and editors.

## [Next steps after a fresh installation of Windows&nbsp;10](/windows_setup)

A new computer at a new job, or a reimaged computer, often requires [further setup of Windows&nbsp;10](/windows_setup). 

## [Checklist for a quick proofread](/proofread_checklist)

Many problems are fixed (or confirmed absent) by a [quick proofread of a Word document](/proofread_checklist).

## [Recipe with every step](/make_waffles) <img src='fat/smile.svg' alt='smile' height='16'>

If a recipe included every step, it might look like these [highly detailed instructions](/make_waffles) for making waffles.

---

### Legal

Copyright (C) 2020 Jay Martin. 

**Permission is granted** to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the [GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl-1.3.txt)
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; 
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "[GNU Free Documentation License](fdl-1.3.md)."

Microsoft Windows is a trademark of Microsoft. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 

<!--- --->

Commit message:

Link to Word template page

index.md, after:

# Help for technical writers and editors

Information to help technical writers and editors.

## [Word templates made easy](/word_template)

A Word template is easier to set up with [a macro that reads style descriptions](/word_template).

## [Next steps after a fresh installation of Windows&nbsp;10](/windows_setup)

A new computer at a new job, or a reimaged computer, often requires [further setup of Windows&nbsp;10](/windows_setup). 

## [Checklist for a quick proofread](/proofread_checklist)

Many problems are fixed (or confirmed absent) by a [quick proofread of a Word document](/proofread_checklist).

## [Recipe with every step](/make_waffles) <img src='fat/smile.svg' alt='smile' height='16'>

If a recipe included every step, it might look like these [highly detailed instructions](/make_waffles) for making waffles.

---

### Legal

Copyright (C) 2020 Jay Martin. 

**Permission is granted** to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the [GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl-1.3.txt)
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; 
with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "[GNU Free Documentation License](fdl-1.3.md)."

Microsoft Windows is a trademark of Microsoft. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 

<!--- --->
