windows_setup.md, before:

# Next steps after a fresh installation of Windows 10

A new computer at a new job, or a reimaged computer, often requires further setup, such as connecting to Wi-Fi, turning on Windows security, and updating Windows. My fix-ups include steps for security but most steps are personal customizations. 

The first step is often to adjust an external monitor. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > System > Display** and change the monitor settings. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.

## Save a Wi-Fi password

1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > Network & Internet > Wi-Fi**.
1. Turn Wi-Fi **On**.
1. Click **Show available networks.**
1. Select a network, click **Connect**, type a password, and click **Next**. 
    - If at home or work, click **Yes**. 
    - If away from home or work, click **No**.
1. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.
1. To change the time zone, click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > Time & Language**. Select a time zone. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.

## Turn on security

1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > Update & Security > Windows Security**. 
1. Click **Open Windows Security**.
1. Take the recommended actions for Virus & threat protection, Account protection, and the other security categories.
    - For example, click **Virus & threat protection**. Click **Quick scan**. After the scan, take the actions recommended by Windows. If no current threats, click <img src='fas/arrow-left.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Back**.
    - For example, click **Account protection**. Click **Set up**. Sign in with a Microsoft account. Verify your identity.
1. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.

## Update Windows

1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > Update & Security > Windows Update**.
1. Repeat these steps until you're up to date:
   1. Click **Check for updates**.
   1. When asked to restart, click **Restart**.
1. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.
1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start > Microsoft Store >** <img src='fas/ellipsis-h.svg' alt='...' width='12'>&nbsp;**See more > Downloads and updates > Get updates**.
1. After updates finish, <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Microsoft Store.
1. To check your Windows activation, visit <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/12440/windows-10-activate>·

## Disable Flash and select other settings in Microsoft Edge

1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start > Microsoft Edge**.
1. Click <img src='fas/ellipsis-h.svg' alt='...' width='12'>&nbsp;**Settings and more >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings >** <img src='fas/sliders-h.svg' alt='Advanced' height='12'>&nbsp;**Advanced**. 
1. Click "Use Adobe Flash Player" **Off** (a security recommendation).
1. Click <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='General' height='12'>&nbsp;**General**.
   1. For "Open Microsoft Edge with," select **A specific page or pages**.
   1. Click and type a favorite URL on the next line, such as `https://pbs.org`. Click <img src='far/save.svg' alt='Save' height='12'>&nbsp;**Save**.
   1. For "Open new tabs with," select **A blank page**.
   1. For "Set your home page," select **A specific page**.
   1. Click and type a favorite URL on the next line, such as `https://pbs.org`. Click <img src='far/save.svg' alt='Save' height='12'>&nbsp;**Save**.
1. Click <img src='fas/key.svg' alt='Key' height='12'>&nbsp;**Passwords & autofill**.
   1. Click "Save form data" **Off**.
1. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Microsoft Edge.

## Download and install apps

Install the apps you use frequently. My list of apps is only an example. To start, I install Chrome, Dropbox, Visual Studio Code, and a few others. 

- Driver for a mouse, such as a Logitech mouse, <https://support.logi.com/hc/en-us/articles/360025297913-Unifying-Software>
- Driver for a printer, such as a Brother printer, <https://www.brother-usa.com/support/dcpl2540dw>
- Company fonts or personal favorites, such as Charter, <https://practicaltypography.com/charter.html>
- Chrome, <https://www.google.com/chrome/>, or Firefox, <https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/>, and sign in for your bookmarks
- Dropbox, <https://www.dropbox.com/install>, and sign in for your files
- Visual Studio Code, <https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/>
- VLC, <https://www.videolan.org/vlc/>
- GIMP, <https://www.gimp.org/>, and Inkscape, <https://inkscape.org/>
- GitHub Desktop, <https://desktop.github.com/>

## Customize shortcuts to apps

Arrange shortcuts to apps the way you're used to. My shortcuts are only an example.

1. <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > Apps > Default apps**.
  - For email, choose Outlook.
  - For music player, choose VLC.
  - For photo viewer, choose Paint.
  - For video player, choose VLC.
  - For web browser, choose Google Chrome.
  - <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.
1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start**. Right-click each app and select **More > Pin to taskbar**.
   - Excel
   - Google Chrome
   - Outlook
   - Word
   - Visual Studio Code
1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start**. Right-click each app and select **Pin to Start**.
   - Windows Accessories > Paint
   - Windows Accessories > Snipping Tool
   - Windows Accessories > Notepad
   - Open Notepad. Select **Format > Word Wrap**. Close Notepad.
1. On the Windows taskbar, right-click these apps and select **Unpin from taskbar.**
    - Mail
    - Microsoft Store
1. On the Windows desktop, right-click these shortcuts and select **Delete**.
   - Microsoft Edge
   - Google Chrome
   
## Customize File Explorer

1. <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > Ease of Access > Display**. 
   1. Click "Automatically hide scroll bars in Windows" **Off**. 
   1. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.
1. Click **File Explorer** (the folder icon in the Windows taskbar).
1. Click the **Documents** folder.
1. If the ribbon is not visible, double-click **Home**.
1. On the **View** menu, for the layout, select **Details**.
    1. In the Show/hide group, deselect **Item check boxes**.
    1. Select **File name extensions**.
    1. Select **Hidden items**.
1. Click **Options > Change folder and search options**.
1. Click the **View** tab.
    1. Select **Always show menus**.
    1. Select **Display the full path in the title bar**.
    1. Select **Show hidden files, folders, and drives**.
    1. Deselect **Hide extensions for known file types**.
    1. Deselect **Hide folder merge conflicts**.
    1. Leave selected **Hide protected operating system files (Recommended)**, which disallows some bad behavior by viruses, according to [Chris Stobing](https://www.howtogeek.com/228076/how-to-configure-folder-options-in-windows-10/).
    1. Deselect **Use check boxes to select items**.
    1. Select **Expand to open folder**.
    1. Click **Apply to Folders**.
    1. Click **Yes** in response to "Do you want all folders of this type to match this folder's view settings?"
1. Click the **Search** tab.
    1. Select **Include compressed files (ZIP, CAB...)**.
    1. Select **Always search file names and contents (this might take several minutes)**.
1. Click **OK**.

---

### Legal

Copyright (C) 2020 Jay Martin. 

**Permission is granted** to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the [GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl-1.3.txt)
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; 
with no Invariant Sections, no Front Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "[GNU Free Documentation License](fdl-1.3.md)".

Microsoft Windows is a trademark of Microsoft. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 

<!--- --->

Commit message:

Tested bold and images and nbsp.

windows_setup.md, after:

# Next steps after a fresh installation of Windows 10

A new computer at a new job, or a reimaged computer, often requires further setup, such as connecting to Wi-Fi, turning on Windows security, and updating Windows. My fix-ups include steps for security but most steps are personal customizations. 

The first step is often to adjust an external monitor. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > System > Display** and change the monitor settings. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.

The first step is often to adjust an external monitor. Click **<img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;Start > <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;Settings > System > Display** and change the monitor settings. **<img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;Close** Settings.

## Save a Wi-Fi password

1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > Network & Internet > Wi-Fi**.
1. Turn Wi-Fi **On**.
1. Click **Show available networks.**
1. Select a network, click **Connect**, type a password, and click **Next**. 
    - If at home or work, click **Yes**. 
    - If away from home or work, click **No**.
1. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.
1. To change the time zone, click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > Time & Language**. Select a time zone. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.

## Turn on security

1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > Update & Security > Windows Security**. 
1. Click **Open Windows Security**.
1. Take the recommended actions for Virus & threat protection, Account protection, and the other security categories.
    - For example, click **Virus & threat protection**. Click **Quick scan**. After the scan, take the actions recommended by Windows. If no current threats, click <img src='fas/arrow-left.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Back**.
    - For example, click **Account protection**. Click **Set up**. Sign in with a Microsoft account. Verify your identity.
1. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.

## Update Windows

1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > Update & Security > Windows Update**.
1. Repeat these steps until you're up to date:
   1. Click **Check for updates**.
   1. When asked to restart, click **Restart**.
1. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.
1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start > Microsoft Store >** <img src='fas/ellipsis-h.svg' alt='...' width='12'>&nbsp;**See more > Downloads and updates > Get updates**.
1. After updates finish, <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Microsoft Store.
1. To check your Windows activation, visit <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/12440/windows-10-activate>·

## Disable Flash and select other settings in Microsoft Edge

1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start > Microsoft Edge**.
1. Click <img src='fas/ellipsis-h.svg' alt='...' width='12'>&nbsp;**Settings and more >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings >** <img src='fas/sliders-h.svg' alt='Advanced' height='12'>&nbsp;**Advanced**. 
1. Click "Use Adobe Flash Player" **Off** (a security recommendation).
1. Click <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='General' height='12'>&nbsp;**General**.
   1. For "Open Microsoft Edge with," select **A specific page or pages**.
   1. Click and type a favorite URL on the next line, such as `https://pbs.org`. Click <img src='far/save.svg' alt='Save' height='12'>&nbsp;**Save**.
   1. For "Open new tabs with," select **A blank page**.
   1. For "Set your home page," select **A specific page**.
   1. Click and type a favorite URL on the next line, such as `https://pbs.org`. Click <img src='far/save.svg' alt='Save' height='12'>&nbsp;**Save**.
1. Click <img src='fas/key.svg' alt='Key' height='12'>&nbsp;**Passwords & autofill**.
   1. Click "Save form data" **Off**.
1. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Microsoft Edge.

## Download and install apps

Install the apps you use frequently. My list of apps is only an example. To start, I install Chrome, Dropbox, Visual Studio Code, and a few others. 

- Driver for a mouse, such as a Logitech mouse, <https://support.logi.com/hc/en-us/articles/360025297913-Unifying-Software>
- Driver for a printer, such as a Brother printer, <https://www.brother-usa.com/support/dcpl2540dw>
- Company fonts or personal favorites, such as Charter, <https://practicaltypography.com/charter.html>
- Chrome, <https://www.google.com/chrome/>, or Firefox, <https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/new/>, and sign in for your bookmarks
- Dropbox, <https://www.dropbox.com/install>, and sign in for your files
- Visual Studio Code, <https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/>
- VLC, <https://www.videolan.org/vlc/>
- GIMP, <https://www.gimp.org/>, and Inkscape, <https://inkscape.org/>
- GitHub Desktop, <https://desktop.github.com/>

## Customize shortcuts to apps

Arrange shortcuts to apps the way you're used to. My shortcuts are only an example.

1. <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > Apps > Default apps**.
  - For email, choose Outlook.
  - For music player, choose VLC.
  - For photo viewer, choose Paint.
  - For video player, choose VLC.
  - For web browser, choose Google Chrome.
  - <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.
1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start**. Right-click each app and select **More > Pin to taskbar**.
   - Excel
   - Google Chrome
   - Outlook
   - Word
   - Visual Studio Code
1. Click <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start**. Right-click each app and select **Pin to Start**.
   - Windows Accessories > Paint
   - Windows Accessories > Snipping Tool
   - Windows Accessories > Notepad
   - Open Notepad. Select **Format > Word Wrap**. Close Notepad.
1. On the Windows taskbar, right-click these apps and select **Unpin from taskbar.**
    - Mail
    - Microsoft Store
1. On the Windows desktop, right-click these shortcuts and select **Delete**.
   - Microsoft Edge
   - Google Chrome
   
## Customize File Explorer

1. <img src='fab/windows.svg' alt='Windows' height='12'>&nbsp;**Start >** <img src='fas/cog.svg' alt='Settings' height='12'>&nbsp;**Settings > Ease of Access > Display**. 
   1. Click "Automatically hide scroll bars in Windows" **Off**. 
   1. <img src='fas/times.svg' alt='X' height='12'>&nbsp;**Close** Settings.
1. Click **File Explorer** (the folder icon in the Windows taskbar).
1. Click the **Documents** folder.
1. If the ribbon is not visible, double-click **Home**.
1. On the **View** menu, for the layout, select **Details**.
    1. In the Show/hide group, deselect **Item check boxes**.
    1. Select **File name extensions**.
    1. Select **Hidden items**.
1. Click **Options > Change folder and search options**.
1. Click the **View** tab.
    1. Select **Always show menus**.
    1. Select **Display the full path in the title bar**.
    1. Select **Show hidden files, folders, and drives**.
    1. Deselect **Hide extensions for known file types**.
    1. Deselect **Hide folder merge conflicts**.
    1. Leave selected **Hide protected operating system files (Recommended)**, which disallows some bad behavior by viruses, according to [Chris Stobing](https://www.howtogeek.com/228076/how-to-configure-folder-options-in-windows-10/).
    1. Deselect **Use check boxes to select items**.
    1. Select **Expand to open folder**.
    1. Click **Apply to Folders**.
    1. Click **Yes** in response to "Do you want all folders of this type to match this folder's view settings?"
1. Click the **Search** tab.
    1. Select **Include compressed files (ZIP, CAB...)**.
    1. Select **Always search file names and contents (this might take several minutes)**.
1. Click **OK**.

---

### Legal

Copyright (C) 2020 Jay Martin. 

**Permission is granted** to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the [GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.3](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/fdl-1.3.txt)
or any later version published by the Free Software Foundation; 
with no Invariant Sections, no Front Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
A copy of the license is included in the section entitled "[GNU Free Documentation License](fdl-1.3.md)".

Microsoft Windows is a trademark of Microsoft. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. 

<!--- --->
